[Noel] In the beginning…
Nerves, man, nerves.
[Noel] …there were twelve…
You know,
"desserts" backwards is "stressed."
-And I am!
-Hoo-hoo!
Just keep it together, lassie.
Wow!
What can go wrong? Oh, Paul Hollywood,
that's what can go wrong.
-[laughing]
-Still not in?
I can't get them in the oven now.
They're not ready.
[all cheering]
[Noel] Now, three remain…
The winner…
-Do you want it?
-I do want it, actually.
-Want it bad?
-I do want it bad.
Wait, what are
we talking about? [chuckles]
…of The Great British Baking Show…
'Cause they want sculpture,
I'm giving you a sculpture.
…2022…
This is the calm
before the storm, basically.
[Matt] …is…
[Paul] Any one of the bakers could win.
At this point, I cannot call it.
[theme music playing]
[Noel] Just three challenges
stand between the finalists
and the coveted Baking Show crown.
-Group hug, group hug.
-All right, guys. Let's do this.
-[Abdul chuckles]
-[Syabira] Oh!
-[Sandro] Good luck.
-[Abdul] Good luck.
[Matt] Throughout the competition,
Sandro's highly decorative bakes
impressed the judges…
-Sandro, it is absolutely astonishing.
-Oh.
[Paul] It is exceptionally pretty.
[Matt] …and he became the first
of our finalists to win Star Baker.
[applause]
[Sandro] I think I can win it.
I have to stay focused.
[Matt] Our second finalist, Abdul,
has consistently performed well.
That is one of the best
mirror glazes I've ever seen.
It's just beautiful.
-That's a great biscuit as well.
-[Prue] Mmm.
Abdul, you have done an exceptional job.
[Noel] But it wasn't until the semifinal…
Look at the ambition of this.
…that he unleashed his full potential…
-I think it looks absolutely magnificent.
-[Abdul chuckles]
…and was finally awarded Star Baker.
-[applause]
-Well done, mate.
[Abdul] I'm really lucky to be here
in the tent with these guys
and I just cannot wait
for the day to get started.
[Matt] Syabira made her mark in the tent
with her unconventional flavours.
Why not put a chicken satay in a macaroon?
-[Noel laughing]
-[Syabira] I'm a risk-taker.
[Matt] And although the gamble
didn't always pay off…
It tastes like sweetcorn. [chuckling]
It's not for me.
…her unique baking style…
[Paul] It is so unusual.
[Matt] …earned her a Hollywood handshake…
Oh, thank you! [chuckling]
…and three Star Bakers.
[whooping]
[Syabira] This is not
gonna be an easy final.
Hopefully we're gonna give
the judges a very, very hard time
to decide who's gonna be the winner.
Good morning, bakers. Congratulations.
This is the final,
so I wish you all lots of luck.
Now, unfortunately,
Noely-Pops isn't feeling very well,
so he's not here today.
Hopefully he'll be feeling better
later on and will join us.
Now, for your final signature challenge,
the judges would like you
to make a summer picnic
using seasonal ingredients
from across the UK.
Your picnic should consist
of six beautifully-decorated mini cakes,
six individual vegetarian pies,
and six finger sandwiches
made from a classic white loaf.
You have three hours.
On your marks, get set, bake!
[Noel] With two loaves
and 18 individual bakes to tackle,
this is the most challenging signature
ever seen in The Baking Show final.
It is a very big challenge, I would say.
Erm, it's crazy.
I don't even do things already in time.
Why are they doing this to me?
I am ready for it.
My energy levels is, like,
get things done quick.
[Noel] And time
isn't the only restriction.
[Prue] The theme for this final
is one that I really, really approve of,
which is we're celebrating our planet.
And so, for our signature challenge,
we want the bakers
to really think about
how they're going to pack flavour
by getting seasonal
sustainably-grown British ingredients.
[Sandro] The lemons are grown in Devon.
Who knew Devon grew lemons?
The bakers needed to have practised this.
Not so much with the baking itself,
but actually the timing.
Initially, they need to
get the bread going
because they're gonna use
one of the loaves to make the sandwiches.
And also, we're asking them for six cakes.
Inside, I'm going like, "Ahhh! Panic!"
Right. What's next? It's the pastry.
Making the pie will take
a bit of time as well,
so they have to be across several
different disciplines at the same time.
Boil eggs, make pickles, Swiss roll.
[Paul] Gonna be a great challenge.
What's not to like about
having a picnic near the tent?
It's awesome.
-Morning, Syabira.
-Morning!
-Welcome to the final.
-Thank you.
Er, tell us all about your summer picnic.
I am making no porky pie, so--
-A what?
-No porky pie.
-No pork pie? [laughing]
-Yeah.
Oh, right, okay. [chuckling]
So, the meat is actually aubergine
and a little bit of mushroom
-to give the umami taste of the pork.
-Ooh, nice.
[Noel] Syabira's pork-free pies
will also contain a quail's egg
and a layer of piccalilli.
These will be accompanied
by heart-shaped finger sandwiches
packed with a broad bean
coriander paste and salsa verde.
For dessert,
elder flower-infused Swiss rolls
filled with strawberry jam
and a rosemary cream.
[Matt] Do you know what they call
aubergine in America?
-What? Eggplant?
-Eggplant. Eggplant!
[in American accent] "Do you want
some eggplant in your burger?"
-That's a great American accent.
-[laughing]
"I want French fries
with a hamburger, please."
[laughing]
[Matt] With seasonality
at the heart of this challenge,
the bakers have opted
for an array of vegetarian ingredients.
I'm just going to roast the cauliflower.
[Matt] And in a bid to drastically
reduce his food miles,
Abdul has found a British equivalent
to a Greek favourite.
[Abdul] For my pies,
typically I put in feta.
This Fettle cheese has a crumbly texture,
er, it's not as the Greek feta cheese,
but it comes fairly close to it.
[Noel] Made in Yorkshire,
Abdul's Fettle cheese
will bring a subtle sharpness to his
leek, onion, rocket, and mint pies.
For his sandwiches,
he'll mix grated vegetables
with cream cheese and dill,
and for his cakes,
a classic mini Swiss roll
filled with a cherry and tarragon jam.
You've been the sleeper
of the show, haven't you?
Because it wasn't until the semifinal
that you became Star Baker even.
-Yes, that is very true.
-Yeah.
You know, Maxy, Janusz,
they were collecting those Star Bakers…
-Yes. [chuckling]
-…and they're not here right now.
Yeah, which is sad, but, yes--
You're not sad!
Look at that smile on your face.
[chuckling] No, it's sad.
Redefining sad!
[laughing]
[Abdul] No, no, it's sad in a way--
No, not sad. Sad in the way,
like, you're happy.
[chuckling] No.
-[Paul] Morning, Sandro.
-Good morning.
-Welcome to the final.
-Thank you.
So, Sandro, we need
to know about your picnic.
So, I'm doing garlic
cheesy cauliflower pies.
-Nice.
-[Prue] What kind of pastry?
Shortcrust pastry done the right way.
This week is all about redemption,
everything I've done wrong
throughout the weeks, I wanna do right.
-Okay.
-[Sandro] Yeah.
[Matt] Sandro's hoping to prove
he can achieve perfect pastry
with his cauliflower cheese pies.
These will be accompanied
by egg and watercress sandwiches,
lemon and elderflower cakes,
and in true Sandro style,
he will also be attempting to make
six fruit tarts
and six blueberry jam biscuits.
You mean there're extras.
Maybe there is. [chuckling]
You just do what you're meant to do
and do it perfectly.
-Exactly.
-Do it in the time, don't make mistakes.
-[Sandro] Yeah. [laughs]
-All right.
-Thank you, Sandro.
-Thanks.
Bakers, you're halfway through.
[gasps]
Yee-haw!
[Syabira] Right, bread.
[Noel] As the batch-baking marathon
begins in earnest…
[Sandro] All right,
bake beautifully, okay?
-[Abdul] Gonna bake for 25 minutes.
-[Noel] …the bakers have a small window
in which to prepare the next items
on their towering to-do lists.
[Syabira] The outside of the roll
will have a printing of strawberry.
It will look cute.
[Abdul] Today there's a lot happening,
I need to make sure I know where I am,
so I made a timing chart
about what I'm doing
at what time
and what things need to be done.
[Noel] But Sandro…
Let's get this mixture in.
…has two extra bakes to factor in.
So this is the butter for the biscuits
that I don't need, but I wanna do it.
Oh, my God. This guy, man, this guy.
If you ask him to do three things,
he's gonna do nine things.
How are you feeling? Do you want it?
-I do want it, actually.
-Want it bad?
I do want it bad. Wait,
what are we talking about? [chuckles]
[Matt] Sandro's journey
to the tent started
when his mum moved him
and his siblings from war-torn Angola
to start a new life
in the East End of London.
Based on where I come from and,
like, where I live and stuff,
I just… That was one of my doubts
for even applying,
I thought this will never really
happen to a boy like me,
you know what I mean? From the ends.
But it's bigger than me,
you know what I mean?
Being able to get here.
It shows other young boys and young girls
from the same background
that they can also do it.
-Cheers!
-[all] Cheers!
[Matt] And his family know
just how hard he's been working
to achieve his goal.
Sandro deserves this.
I mean, this is something that he's been
dreaming about for so many years.
He's worked so hard.
There's not been one week
that he hasn't baked every single day.
I want someone like him to win.
I think he's gonna inspire
so many young men like him.
You know? In London.
You know, young boy from East London.
So, I just, I'm so proud of him.
[Matt] But no one could be prouder
than Mum, Sandra,
who raised Sandro
and his siblings on her own.
I think he's the winner.
He can win. He can win. [chuckles softly]
[speaking Portuguese]
[in English] I love you so much!
You are very special for me
and you're always going to be.
[emotionally] I'm very proud.
I'm very proud of him. Yes.
Family's buzzing, they're super excited.
Er, they can't wait to come tomorrow.
No, they really stress me, though.
'Cause I'm with them,
I'm around them too much.
[Noel] While much of Sandro's time
is spent with his family,
life for Abdul is very different.
[Abdul] So, my family
is all around the world.
My parents, they live in Pakistan,
and my elder sister,
she lives in San Diego.
My dad is, like, you know,
super proud and super excited.
Er, this is the first time
that any of our family members
is doing something like this.
[Noel] One family member
in particular is especially proud.
[Abdul] My younger sister was the one
that actually introduced me to Bake Off.
So she is ecstatic, like,
she is just out of her mind,
and she would have loved
to be here to support me,
but she is supporting from there,
er, and so are my parents.
We are so proud of you
and I really hope that you enjoy
and don't stress too much,
erm, and take care.
-And we will celebrate, man!
-Yes.
We will all celebrate!
It's a proud moment.
Aw!
-Yeah, exactly.
-Inshallah, you will win.
[Noel] But he has a close
support network here in the UK…
-[woman] Abdul!
-[all cheering]
-To winning the Bake Off!
[Noel] …which has grown bigger
since meeting the other 11 bakers.
For the past 12 weeks,
we have been together with each other,
supporting each other, helping each other.
It doesn't feel-- It's like a family.
We're here, we're trying to give our best,
and that's all that matters to us.
-[Matt] Abdul, what's your first language?
-[Abdul] My first language is Urdu.
Okay, so we have one hour left
and Abdul is going to inform
the other bakers in Urdu.
Off you go.
Bakers… [speaking Urdu]
What?
[in English] We have one hour left.
Bread needs to come out. Check the bread.
Panic!
[Sandro] These are done.
[Matt] As bread makes way for the sponges…
[Abdul] They'll go
for about 10 to 12 minutes.
Put a timer for ten minutes.
So I have ten minutes exactly
to work on the pie.
I can do this. [breathing heavily]
[Matt] For the perfect pie,
the bakers must judge
the thickness of the pastry.
[Syabira] It's three millimetres thick.
[Matt] Too thin
and the pies could collapse.
[Abdul] It will have to do.
[Matt] But too thick
and the pastry won't cook through.
I don't want the liquid to come out,
so when they eat it, it's like,
"Ooh, this is really filling."
"It's meaty although there's no meat."
"It's got a lot of cream,
it's a lot of cheese. Well done."
[laughing]
So when you've been at home on days off…
-Mmm-hmm.
-…have you been cooking for your partner?
Or just practising?
I've been practising
and I didn't cook for him.
And he said he missed my curry.
-But… Sorry, mate.
-Oh. Passive aggressive.
-"Yeah, sorry, mate."
-"Sorry, mate. Not this time."
"I'm on TV. Is that all right with you?"
[laughing] He's very proud.
[Matt] Syabira met boyfriend Bradley
two years ago
when she caught his eye on a dating app.
[Bradley] Her profile pic
was her with a cake
and some crazy pictures of hugging a tree.
I thought, "She looks fun."
Being a part of The Great British Bake Off
means a huge amount to Syabira.
I have always said that
I will support her dreams
and she said it's her dream to enter.
So I said, "Let's do it."
She wasn't very confident
that she would have the skills to do it,
but I knew deep down inside
she had this passion
and it's been unleashed.
What does it mean for me to be here?
It means…
Have you ever get something you dream of,
but you don't think you'll get it,
and eventually you get it?
It's like a lottery jackpot. [laughing]
But you have to work hard for it.
I am absolutely so proud
of her for getting this far.
I'm the proudest boyfee ever.
[chuckling]
I've never been the top person
in any kind of competition
or any classes that I've attended,
so maybe baking is my hidden talent
that I never discover until recently.
So Bradley said to me, "You're already
a winner to be in the final."
"Just go and smash it." [laughs]
-Is that an egg on the floor?
-Yeah, I just laid them.
[laughing]
She's a woman of many talents.
[Sandro] Cake is done.
[Noel] As cakes come out,
the pies can now join
the picnic production line.
Okay, going in.
Time is very short.
We have to make a lot of things.
I need to assemble my cake
and I need to do the sandwich.
Haven't done the broad beans just yet.
[Matt] But for Sandro, there are still
tarts and biscuits to contend with.
I'm all right. I'm not panicking.
I'm gonna make everything I said I'd make.
Bakers, you have half an hour left
before the judges crush your dreams.
[Noel] With their white loaves cooled…
[Sandro] Please be baked through.
[Noel] …the bakers
need to thinly slice them
to create six elegant finger sandwiches.
Oh, my God. Cutting this thing
is harder than I thought.
[Sandro] So this is the egg cress.
Want a taste?
-No, it's not--
-Not an egg cress guy?
Not an egg and cress guy, no.
I have the eating age of a nine-year-old.
-Oh, right.
-I like nuggets.
[Sandro laughs]
[Syabira] This is salsa verde.
This is basically
very random sandwich I would say.
I'm going back to my old story
of, er, panicking at the very end,
so I will start doing that
in about another ten minutes. [chuckles]
Going in is my biscuits that I don't need.
[Abdul] So I'm assembling the Swiss rolls.
[Syabira] So this is the rosemary cream.
Rosemary goes well
with elderflower and strawberry.
[Sandro] So this is
the cream cheese filling.
-You have five minutes left.
-I'm gonna do it.
And my pies need to come out.
I'm not sure these are baked properly.
[Syabira] It's not perfect.
Some are a bit wonky.
[Abdul] They're looking good.
[Sandro] Gonna start rushing now.
Bakers, you have one minute left.
[Sandro] Just get 'em done.
[Syabira] Rosemary cream.
[Sandro] Blueberry jam.
-Bakers, your time is up.
-[exclaims]
Please step away from your bakes.
[Sandro exhales heavily]
Dude, again… You have a feast, man.
How do you do this, man?
-[Syabira] Well done.
-[Sandro] Oh, my God.
-It's the final signature.
-The last signature is done.
-[Syabira sighs]
-[exclaims]
[Sandro] We don't have to worry
about signatures again.
[Matt] It's judgement time
for the bakers' final signature challenge.
-Hello, Abdul.
-Hello.
Hi, Abdul.
I think overall it looks quite nice.
The Swiss rolls have lost colour.
The sandwiches are a little bit
irregular in size.
They're a bit thick as well.
Thinner would have been better.
The finger sandwiches
are grated beetroot, carrot.
The cream cheese
is filled with dill and chive.
[Prue] I like the dill. It's just
the right amount of cream cheese.
[Paul] Beetroot, carrot, nice and crunchy.
The cream cheese works well
with a nice, soft sandwich.
[Prue] So far so good.
Now we need the pie.
This is leek, onion,
with Yorkshire Fettle.
There is also mint in there.
The herb content in there,
it's got a nice kick.
It's delicious.
And I must say, your pastry is lovely.
[Paul] Let's look at your Swiss roll.
[Prue] Mmm.
The cherries work well with it.
-Not getting much tarragon kicking in.
-Okay.
Overall, a decent job.
Your flavours are all good.
-[Prue] Flavours are excellent.
-Thanks.
I must say, it does absolutely look
very cornucopia overflowing.
[Paul] Let's try your sandwiches,
these massive sandwiches.
Go on. Turn it into an elegant
finger sandwich, Mr Hollywood.
[Paul] There you go.
-[Prue] Mmm, heaven.
-Oh, good. [chuckles]
[Paul] Can't go wrong with egg and cress.
-And you've put mustard in that?
-Yes, I did.
Mmm, gives it just a little kick.
It's really nice.
My pies are cauliflower cheese pies.
-[Prue] It looks undercooked.
-[Sandro] Very undercooked.
Flavour of the cauliflower cheese
is delicious.
But the pastry's not quite cooked.
Let's look at your massive cake.
So I made lemon and elderflower sponges
with a mixed berry compote inside.
It's got a cream cheese filling.
[Prue] Great flavours.
The fruit filling, it's got tartness.
It works beautifully with the lemon.
The cream cheese is beautiful.
-I just think it's a little too big.
-Too big, yeah.
-I won't try the tart, but it looks nice.
-Thank you.
You want to cheers to your last
signature judgement for me?
-[Paul] Cheers.
-[Prue] I'll tell you what.
You've probably made a mistake
'cause you're putting me in a good mood
-for judging Syabira.
-[laughter]
-Give us it back.
-[all laughing]
It reminds me a lot of the hotel business
because in the hotel business,
everything has to be the same size
-and they look very similar.
-[Prue] Yeah.
[Paul] Okay, let's check your sandwiches.
It is broad bean coriander
paste with salsa verde.
He's gonna say he's never had
those flavours before in a sandwich.
He's right. It's unusual.
It's really delicious.
It's got exactly the right texture.
[Paul] Pies are very neat. Quite robust.
-Isn't that beautiful?
-Well done.
The egg is in the middle.
I think it needed
a little more salt in it.
But the pastry is delicious.
Okay. Swiss roll.
Very nice. I like that decoration.
Explain what this is again.
This is elderflower sponge
with strawberry and rosemary cream.
It's very interesting.
I think the rosemary slightly overpowers.
I think Prue's right.
But the sponge is beautifully baked.
It's soft, melts in the mouth,
goes well with the filling.
-[Prue] Well done.
-[Paul] Thank you.
Thank you.
Prue always said
my flavours are unusual. [laughing]
I've heard that every week, which is fine.
I think they mean it in a very good way.
It mostly went to plan.
They didn't taste all the elements,
but I'm feeling super relieved.
I'm ready for the technical.
[Abdul] Yeah, with technicals
for the finale, it's tough to say.
I just hope there are some instructions.
[chuckles softly]
[Noel] As ever, the bakers have no idea
what they're about to face.
Bakers, it's time for your final
technical challenge,
which today has been set
by Paul Hollywood.
Paul, any advice?
You only get one shot at this.
Try not to mess it up.
[Matt] Thank you, Paul.
Now Paul is very emotional
because obviously the show is ending,
so he's written a little song
that he'd like to sing for you.
Over to you, Paul.
Oh, it was really good.
I'm sure he'll sing it later.
He's just a bit shy.
As ever, we ask, er,
both judges to leave the tent.
Er, Paul's already gone,
so, Prue, if you'd like to hop it.
For your technical challenge,
the judges would like you to make
a summer pudding bombe.
Your bombe should consist
of an elderflower and berry jelly,
creamy meringue and raspberry filling,
all encased in a raspberry-soaked bread.
And you have just two hours.
On your marks, get set, bake.
I've never made anything like this at all.
I've never heard of, like,
a summer pudding bombe before.
[laughs] No instructions as always.
[Syabira] No idea.
Paul, this is the most beautiful thing.
-It's a bombe, is it?
-Essentially, it's a summer pudding.
So as you cut into this,
you get the bread that's been soaked
on the outside with raspberry syrup.
Er, inside, you have a mousse-like mixture
and right in the heart of it
is an elderflower strawberry jelly.
Now this is the killer thing.
The loaf they made this morning,
they're gonna use that loaf to make this.
-Now where can they go wrong?
-Plenty of places.
Rectangular strips going
all around is the only way
you can seal in the mousse inside.
You use any other shape,
you'll create holes and it'll pour out.
And also, they're being asked
to use vegetable gelatine.
With vegetable gelatine,
you have to boil it to get it to work.
If they just throw it into hot water,
-it will not work and it will not set.
-Yeah, yeah.
If this doesn't set,
it will just sink like a splodge.
That is heaven in a spoon.
[Paul] I can't stop eating this.
We have three to try.
-[laughs]
-And are they going to set?
That's the question.
[Sandro] I'll start with the syrup.
[Syabira] Fifty gram caster sugar.
Fresh raspberries.
I'll bring it to a boil, make sure
all the raspberries have been crushed.
-Then I'll sieve it.
-[Matt] Do you like raspberry?
-Er, yeah. I like raspberry.
-Where is it on the list of berries?
-Top, like, two.
-Top two?
I only know a few berries.
-I know strawberries. I know raspberries.
-Yeah.
-You know Chuck Berry?
-Chuck Berry. Don't know him.
-You know Nick Berry?
-Don't know.
-He was in EastEnders.
-I don't remember.
-[Matt] Before your time.
-[laughing]
So the next part
is the jelly centre itself,
which is 100 ml of syrup,
100 gram of strawberries.
Where's the gelatine?
Vegetarian gelatine powder.
[Matt] Unlike its alternative,
vegetarian gelatine
needs a high heat to work.
[Sandro] Shouldn't this be bloomed?
Typically with gelatine powder,
you need to bloom it.
Vegetarian gelatine activates
at a higher temperature.
It needs to be boiled to make sure
it's able to set. There's no other way.
[Sandro] I'm gonna bloom it in here.
Mix it in, let it sit there.
I am following instructions,
because when I don't, things go wrong.
Gonna be frozen till it's set.
[Syabira] So this has to go
in the freezer.
All right. What's next?
Mini meringue kisses, it's probably
just a normal French meringue.
[Abdul] Eighty gram of icing sugar.
I wanna get stiff peaks.
You need to pipe them,
it needs to be kisses,
so it needs to have a… [clicks tongue]
Mini kisses, they said.
So I guess it has to be very small.
[Syabira] There's a lot
of love on this tray.
Kisses, kisses, kisses, kisses.
And now, gonna bake until
they become crispy on the outside,
but they need to remain
a bit chewy on the inside.
So, 120 degrees.
No way. No way!
You are halfway through
the challenge! No way!
[Syabira] Small white loaf,
thinly sliced into 12.
I know that bread.
-There you go.
-[laughs]
Hello, old friend. You look familiar.
[Abdul] Luckily I baked it well.
[Sandro] Gonna do circles all around.
That's the best to do.
[laughs] I don't want them
to see what I'm doing.
It's getting competitive.
Are you using this slice?
No, I'm not. You wanna taste?
Well, I just wanted to do
what Paul does with bread.
[chuckles]
[mimics Paul] It's under-proved,
but it's over-proved.
-[chuckles]
-Yeah, that's a good eat.
[laughs]
"All of this dessert has to be encased
in your raspberry syrup-soaked bread."
Gonna start soaking my breads.
I don't have enough juice to soak this.
I'm not sure if this has to be this wet.
Just light soaking, 'cause if it's very
highly soaked, it's gonna break apart.
[Sandro] The syrup is finished.
How is that possible?
Maybe I'll just put too much
on these ones,
I'm just gonna spread them.
[laughs] There we go.
[in posh voice] Come along, chaps.
You've got half an hour left.
So stop all this horseplay and get baking.
Pâté à bombe?
I actually don't know
what is pâté à bombe.
"Hundred grams of caster sugar,
two teaspoons of gelatine powder
and two large egg yolks."
[Syabira] I think this might
be the trifle custard,
but it's just in a posh way
of saying you're making pâté à bombe.
[Abdul] I'm gonna take the sugar syrup
and then pour it over the egg yolks.
[Syabira] I'm mixing the pâté à bombe
with the whipping cream.
Here's the pâté à bombe.
[Syabira] It is actually quite liquidy.
[Sandro] That's done.
Mini meringue kisses.
Twenty.
Two. Four.
[Syabira] One, two, three,
four, five, six, seven, ten.
[Sandro] Eighteen, twenty.
Gonna give myself some kisses.
Considering there's less than
half an hour left in this technical,
this is a very calm tent.
Er, the problem is, er, it won't be calm
when we flip over our pudding bombes.
Right, okay.
This is the calm
before the storm, basically.
Jelly is not firm at all.
Okay. Let's fill this up now.
[Noel] To create the perfectly set centre
the judges have requested…
[Abdul] It's got to fit in there.
[Noel] …chilling time is essential.
Too little, and there'll be no way their
finished dessert will hold its shape.
I'm gonna put it in the freezer
so it sets as good as possible.
My jelly should've set by now.
And if not, I'm just going
to pour it into there,
seal it, again pop it in the freezer.
[Syabira] It sets.
It's gonna get messy.
Almost.
[scoffs] Almost not there.
Wow! It's gonna
just be syrup inside of it.
It's not gonna be a jelly.
I don't have time to make it again.
Or anything, 'cause it needs time to set.
Bakers, you have 15 minutes
until the summer pudding bombe
disposal experts arrive.
[Sandro] I don't know how mine didn't set.
Right, now I need to think about the top.
[Sandro] I'm gonna
pray to Beyoncé in a minute.
How do people decorate this?
Says decorate with elderflower,
glazed strawberries,
raspberries, and redcurrant.
-How's it all going?
-Well, my gelatine didn't set.
-It didn't? Oh.
-No, it didn't.
-Why not?
-Well, I don't know.
It's all about science, innit?
Bakers, you have five minutes left.
Please don't annoy me. Don't annoy me.
[Abdul] Oh, yes.
The pâte à bombe didn't set.
[Sandro] It hasn't set.
That is a proper disaster.
[Syabira] Now it's a disaster.
I'm not happy.
How many minutes do we have left?
Bakers, you have one minute left.
[Sandro] Glaze, all glaze, even though
I don't know what I'm glazing.
Perfect. Finesse, that is.
That is what they're looking for.
Peek-a-boo. [laughs]
Anyone want any help? No?
-[Abdul laughs]
-Sure you don't want help, Syabira?
-[laughing]
-I mean, clearly, I'm a pro.
Bakers, your time is up.
Please bring your summer
pudding bombes to the front
and place them on the table
behind your photograph.
[laughs]
[Matt] Paul and Prue are expecting
perfectly set summer pudding bombes
with a jelly centre,
within a smooth pâte à bombe filling,
surrounded by syrup-soaked bread.
But they don't know whose is whose.
-[chuckles]
-[Prue] I think you didn't understand
that you have to boil vegetarian gelatine.
-[Prue] Did you boil it?
-Yeah.
[Paul] I think ultimately
it comes down to timing.
-[Prue] Yeah.
-Let's start over here, shall we?
Decoration's all right.
There is a sort of shape.
Not quite a bombe,
but at least it looks intentional.
[Paul] But what's it look like inside?
Jelly is set. Pâte à bombe mixture
has started to separate,
needed another half-hour, maybe.
There is crispy meringue in there as well.
-[Prue] The bread is a little bit pale.
-[Paul] Hmm.
Moving on to our second delight.
Yeah, this is an issue.
Nothing seems to have set.
-The bread's the wrong shape.
-[Paul] Can't take a slice of that, Prue.
[Prue] I'll tell you what this baker
has done right, though.
He or she has boiled down the syrup,
so that you get a real glaze on the fruit.
-Yeah. They can have that.
-[laughter]
Leaving us the next one,
again, it has burst,
but there's something there.
It's a mess, though.
-There's a bit of jelly.
-[Prue] The jelly is set.
Obviously the big thing,
pâte à bombe mixture isn't set.
It's still liquid. The flavours are
all right, though. Interesting.
[Noel] The judges will now rank
the bakers' summer pudding bombes
from last to first.
Okay, in third spot, we have,
surprise surprise, this one.
Whose is this?
Obviously, setting times are all out.
However, Prue did love
the glaze on the top.
-Thank you.
-So, well done.
[chuckles]
In second place,
we have this one. [chuckles] Syabira?
Well, you know it didn't quite set.
-Yeah.
-You had a timing issue.
But it tasted delicious.
-Which means…
-[Prue] Abdul!
[Paul] Abdul. Oh, don't clap.
No, no, no, no, no.
It's the first time for me
to come first, so… [laughs]
[Paul] The basics were there.
You needed to soak
the syrup a little more,
but having said that,
you were the one that got close
to setting both elements.
It did taste very good. Well done.
[Abdul] That's my first technical win.
And it's the finale, so, got it. [laughs]
When you put it down, you can see
the pudding start sinking down,
you know it didn't set.
It's fine. Abdul did well.
At least he got his half set.
[Sandro] It's good that Abdul
gets a technical win.
So I think it's fair.
But my glaze was good.
[laughs] My glaze was really good.
[Matt] Just one challenge remains
in The Great British Baking Show, 2022.
-[sighs] Good luck, everyone.
-[Abdul] Boy.
[Syabira] Group hug.
[all grunting]
[Matt] Welcome back, Noel.
-Hello.
-Nice to see you. We missed you.
Aw, I missed you guys.
So the signatures were pretty good.
Weren't they? You were impressed.
-One of the longest signature challenges.
-What was it?
[Paul] Well, basically,
they had to do sandwiches
using the bread they make,
they make their own bread.
-Amazing.
-Er, cakes and little pies, as well.
-Wow!
-Vegetarian pies.
They all did really well.
-A game of two halves, that technical.
-[Prue] It certainly was.
The bombes were tricky as a technical.
They all had a problem with setting.
I've been away,
what you're trying to tell me is…
I don't think I've ever said this before,
[mimics old man]
but it's all down to the showstopper.
[all laughing]
-Yikes. It's exciting.
-[Paul] I know.
I don't care who wins,
I just love them all.
Good morning, bakers.
Welcome back to the tent.
And, Noel, welcome back to the tent.
Aw, thank you Matthew-Pops.
I couldn't miss this,
couldn't miss the final.
Now, for your showstopper challenge,
the judges would love you to make
a large, edible sculpture,
and the theme is our beautiful planet.
Now, your edible sculptures
must have a large cake base
and show off at least three
additional baking skills.
Now, remember,
this is your very last chance
to impress the judges.
So please make it spectacular.
[Noel] We love you all,
we wish you all luck,
you have four and a half hours.
-On your marks…
-Get set…
For the very last time, bake!
Last ever bake.
I am going to move at the speed
of lightning right now.
[Syabira] Oh, I'm stressed.
It's the final, isn't it. Unbelievably.
[Abdul] It's gonna be all right.
I've come this far.
Just gotta believe in myself
and, er, just pull it off.
Well, you won't be surprised to find
that our final showstopper challenge
is really difficult. [laughs]
It should be, it's the final.
We want them to make an edible sculpture.
I want to see lots of flavour,
colour, imagination,
and something representing our planet.
It could be the planet itself,
it could be the sea,
could be the earth,
could be volcanoes, anything they wish.
Four and a half hours will go
real quickly for the bakers,
so initially, get all the bakes done
and then start to assemble,
and allow plenty of time
to make it look incredible.
If they practised, they should be fine.
If they haven't practised,
they're gonna be found out.
-Good morning, Sandro.
-Good morning.
-Hello.
Right, Sandro, tell us all about
your final showstopper.
So for my final showstopper,
-I'm making the world.
-Didn't you try the world before?
I didn't try it, I achieved the world.
[all laughing]
-And it didn't take you seven days.
-Exactly.
Bit faster than God.
[Noel] Today, Sandro will have just
four and a half hours
to create his sculpture,
which will take us from
the bottom of the seas
to the planets above.
A three-layer lemon and plum cake
will form his ocean-themed base.
Suspended overhead, white chocolate
and raspberry profiterole clouds,
lemon biscuit sun and stars,
and blueberry cake pop planets.
Have you practised this? I dare ask.
I have practised this.
-Yeah, you said this before.
-[Prue chuckles]
-You haven't practised this is at all.
-No, I have.
-So time-wise, you'll be all right?
-I'll be just fine.
-[chuckling] If we go away. If we go.
-If you go away.
-Good luck.
-Thank you very much.
[Matt] While Sandro's going big…
[Sandro] Got a lot to do.
[Matt] …Abdul is concentrating
on the planet's smaller inhabitants.
[Abdul] I am making a cake
that celebrates bees.
Er, so there'll be honey in the sponge
as well as in the…
There's gonna be honey syrup as well.
[Matt] Abdul's honey-soaked ode
to our planet's most important pollinators
will also include hedgerow heroes
like blackberry jam,
raspberry-filled profiteroles,
and an elderflower
and almond-biscuit beehive,
complete with bee-shaped macarons.
You're always reading.
Always checking out the text.
-Those are my timing chart.
-Got a timing chart.
God, I love you.
There's something going on in all of those
little strange scribbly equations.
Yes, er, those are
not equations, but numbers.
-One second, I'll be back.
-[laughing]
[Noel] "Not equations, but numbers."
There lies genius or madness.
[Matt] As their cakes will form
not only their sculptures' foundation,
but also the centrepiece
of their showstoppers,
it's crucial the finalists get these baked
before moving on to their other elements.
[Syabira] This is a genoise sponge.
It's very light, it's very soft sponge,
very indulgent to bite into.
[Noel] But bakes on this scale
are tough to manage.
These are massive cakes, like 12-inch.
I've never made 12-inch cakes,
and I was like,
"Oh, man, they need
so much, like, batter."
[Noel] If the temperature
or timings are off,
the bake won't be even
and the cake will be ruined.
[Syabira] Ten to twelve minutes,
then I'll check them
to make sure it's baked.
-[Noel] But whilst most rely on timers…
-Fifteen minutes.
…Sandro's going with his gut.
Lemon curd. They're gonna go in
until they're golden brown.
I don't time nothing at all.
It just… All by eye.
-You'll just never bake again.
-No, I am.
-[laughs]
-I love my baking.
But I won't be buying
any more of Paul's books.
You know him now,
you can get 'em for free.
-He made me buy his new one. Yeah.
-What? Did he?
-He didn't.
-He did.
[laughing] What? He made you buy it?
That's outrageous.
I wanted to support him,
that's the main thing.
-Oh, yeah, he needs a lot of support.
-Yeah.
[both laughing]
-Hello, Syabira.
-[Syabira] Hi.
We want to know all about
how you're celebrating our planet.
I am making orangutan cake
-holding forest on top.
-Orangutan?
Yes, it's orangutan cake,
holding forest on the top.
It's like, "This is my home,
preserve it." [chuckles]
[Matt] Syabira's orangutan
will be formed with genoise sponge
flavoured with black pepper,
sandwiched with blackberry jam
and covered in a chocolate
and hazelnut buttercream fur.
His head will be made up
of layers of tarragon shortbread,
above which he will hold up
a forest of inverted meringue kisses
and strawberry and rhubarb custard tarts.
It's your last challenge with us.
Are you a little bit nervous
or relaxed now?
A little bit nervous
'cause I never practised it fully before.
-[Paul] Right.
-So, erm…
Let's hope my decision is right.
I think we should leave her
to get on with it.
-Good luck, Syabira.
-Good luck.
-[chuckling] Thank you.
-A lot to do. Good luck.
[Matt] With the bases
of their sculptures in the oven…
All right, Come on. Erm…
What is next? What is next?
…the bakers now have a dizzying array
of other elements to tackle.
[Syabira] This is the tarragon biscuit
for the head of the orangutan.
[Noel] Wow, there's some big plums.
I'm making a plum compote.
Why don't you call Paul a plum?
-[Sandro] Not today.
-[Noel] "Hollywood, you plum."
I'll wait till the results, let's see
if he deserves to be called a plum.
So, our final showstoppers.
Starting with Syabira.
Some great flavours going on.
[Syabira] Tarragon. Not a common
ingredient people put in a biscuit.
But to have a vanilla, it's too plain.
If this was week one or two,
I wouldn't believe
that these flavours could work.
-Yeah.
-But I've learned to trust Syabira.
Abdul's ideas are fantastic.
He's got honey that's going to be
quite an overwhelming flavour.
The thing I think's so good about Abdul,
is he does really classic flavours,
but somehow they're never boring.
But then you look at Sandro,
who's been a bit haphazard.
They're not baked,
I think I had the heat too high.
It's browned too much.
Can't do nothing, it has to bake.
[Paul] I want him to finish today.
I'm sure he will.
Not that he doesn't have the skills, just
that he's always in a rush at the end.
-[Paul] Yeah.
-Happy with the sponges.
I think it'll make
for a fascinating challenge now,
looking at them together.
[Prue] I'm just dreading them
being impossible to judge.
And we'll end up having to toss a coin.
Bakers, you're halfway through.
[Sandro] Starting the profiteroles,
then my fillings,
bread rolls, biscuits… [whistles]
These are thick craquelins,
so I think they will not allow
the choux pastry to rise.
But at least I have quite a few others,
so it should be okay.
The choux'll be the clouds, which will be
raspberry and white chocolate.
[Syabira] This meringue is for the forest.
It's gonna be piped upside down.
Okay.
[Sandro sniffs] I can proper smell
burning now.
It's so hard to bake a cake this big.
Come on, baby, are you baked?
Don't know if you're baked, mate.
[Noel] The smallest mistake at this point…
[Sandro] Should be okay.
[Noel] …could jeopardise their chance
to be crowned this year's winner.
[Syabira] Doesn't look good.
It's a bit wonky.
[sighs] I'm stressed.
Okay.
My choux, they're not good.
The craquelin was too thick
so it's just caused them to flatten out.
Let's see how much I can pull back.
[Matt] But with so many other bakes
queuing for the oven…
[gasps] My bread.
I forgot about that. [whistles]
-…and sculptures to assemble…
-[timer beeps]
[Abdul] Don't you burn.
I don't have time for that.
[Matt] …there is no time…
Rhubarb custard, go quickly.
…to remake any less-than-perfect elements.
[Sandro] All right, here we go.
-Simple American buttercream.
-Sandro already assembling.
I have to start getting assembled
because it's getting close.
-Bakers, you have one hour left…
-Oops.
…in which to impress the judges
and win this competition.
No pressure.
This is the honey syrup.
Glazing my sponges with it.
Jam up top, followed by
the Italian meringue buttercream.
-It's harder to assemble than I thought.
-I've gotta move fast with this.
Now hazelnut chocolate buttercream.
This is the orangutan skin.
Here it goes.
[groaning] Please, please…
Please don't cause,
like, a massive destruction.
It's good enough.
[Sandro] I might leave the planets out.
I'm running out of time
and I'd rather focus on what I've got.
So this is basically orangutan face.
I'm gonna glue them with chocolate.
'Cause they want sculpture,
I'm giving you a sculpture.
Oh, shoot! They're overcooked.
So the macarons
are gonna be like biscuits now.
Oh, man.
Bakers, you have half an hour left.
Right, I need a tip. [grunts]
Okay, needs a tip.
Apparently he needs a tip.
[Abdul] Gonna fill the choux buns,
attach them as quick as possible.
[utensils clattering]
Everything in that drawer but a tip.
-[Syabira] Let's hope this doesn't break.
-[Noel] Oh, this looks good.
It does? It doesn't.
It's fine, I'll put some clouds,
where are my profiteroles?
My God, look at Abdul's.
Will that balance?
[Abdul] Gonna try a risky thing.
[Sandro] How could I make them gravel?
Could have done them smaller.
[Syabira] This is hilarious, ugly.
-[laughing] You're hilarious.
-[Syabira] That is proper ugly.
I don't know, I sorta love it.
[Sandro] Gonna halve and ice them.
Bakers, you have five minutes left.
This is so stressful.
[Abdul] Just not enough time,
but keep pushing.
[Syabira] Orangutan feet.
-[Sandro] Pure white chocolate.
-[Abdul] Let's see if this works.
[Syabira] Oh!
Bee macaron. How much time is left?
Bakers, you have one minute left.
[gasping]
That's gravel, guys, yeah?
[Syabira] If I screw up this thing…
Anything you need to
get on your cake, get it on now.
I can feel myself shaking a bit now.
I don't know if there's
much else I can do.
That looks like a crazy orangutan.
Bakers, your time is up.
Congratulations.
Please step away from your cakes.
-[Syabira laughing]
-[imperceptible]
[Noel] Well done, kids.
[Abdul] That looks so cute. Aw.
You're getting a call
from Attenborough. [chuckles]
[indistinct chatter]
[Noel] After two years
of COVID restrictions,
we can finally welcome friends and family
back to Welford Park,
along with some familiar faces.
"What's it like to be back?"
It's the final! [chuckles]
[Dawn] The atmosphere's
absolutely buzzing,
and everyone's just so excited
to sort of see each other again.
[Maisam] It feels amazing to be back.
[producer] Who are you rooting for?
[laughing] Uh-oh,
I knew that question was coming.
I think, purely because
from the beginning,
I predicted he would be in the final,
I think Sandro.
From the very get-go,
he has just got everything nailed down.
He's so consistent, so talented.
I know who's gonna win.
And it's gonna be Syabira.
I think it might be Syabira.
Abdul's really refined his technique.
I can absolutely
see him winning it as well.
I'd like anyone to win,
either three, they deserve it.
[Noel] The finalists
and their showstoppers
now face the judgement
of Paul and Prue for the very last time.
Sandro, would you like to bring up
your final showstopper, please?
[Sandro] Back up.
-[sighs]
-It's a bit messy.
I like the colour, the shape looks nice.
I'm not sure about
these boulders sitting on the side.
Okay, well, let's have a look.
I've got the sweetbread
with lemon curd and cream.
[Prue] Hmm.
Well, cream and lemon.
It's very nice,
but the bread is a little chewy.
-Needs longer proving.
-[Sandro] Okay.
[Paul] Let's see what this sponge is like.
My cake is a lemon sponge
with a plum compote.
Great flavour. It's burnt.
Five minutes, perhaps over.
Flavour's amazing, though.
I mean, I would really enjoy eating
a great slab of that.
[Paul] Yeah, with a nice cup of tea. Now…
Profiteroles are raspberry cream filled,
and the biscuits are all lemon-flavoured.
It's not over-sweet because the interior
is fruity, but not sweet.
That's clever because
the white chocolate on top is very sweet.
But you can't put chocolate on like that,
you need to spin it.
-Okay.
-Looks more delicate and pretty.
The biscuit itself is overbaked.
-But flavour's nice. Yeah.
-Good flavour.
I think you struggled
on a few things today.
-But you did a lot in the time.
-[Prue] And I loved your cake.
-[Matt] Well done.
-[Sandro] Thanks, guys.
Finally, done.
Yeah. Done!
Syabira, would you like to bring up
your final showstopper, please?
[Matt] Need a hand?
[Noel] It's wobbling a bit.
-You're good, you're good.
-Okay.
[Matt] Yeah.
Hmm! Very nice.
[Prue and Noel chuckle]
-[snorts]
-The orangutan is clever.
I think you could've done
a bit more work on the face.
Yes, it's a rather strange construction.
Yeah. You can see what's happening here.
I love the colours. It's fantastic.
Okay, let's start with the sponge.
So that's black pepper and blackberry jam.
[Syabira] And hazelnut
chocolate buttercream.
I definitely think
there's too much buttercream.
I quite like it. Tastes delicious.
It actually works beautifully
with the blackberry in the sponge.
-Shall we have a go at the second layer?
-Okay.
It's supposed to be tarragon shortbread.
-What's the filling inside?
-It's blackberry buttercream.
That is lovely shortbread.
It's very buttery and very crisp.
You told us about the tarragon,
but it isn't there. You can't taste it.
-[Paul] No.
-Frankly, I'm glad.
Because it's really delicious.
-Oh, thank you.
-[Paul] Okay.
You have gooseberry meringue
and tart with rhubarb
and strawberry cream.
It's not the neatest thing I've seen,
but it tastes fantastic nevertheless.
Your flavours are superb.
I expected, however,
to be a little bit neater.
-[Sandro] Well done, Syabira.
-There we go.
-Done it.
-[softly] Good luck.
[Noel] Abdul, would you
like to bring up your showstopper?
I like the colours.
From a distance, you go,
"That's attractive, I like the yellow."
Then you get closer.
-[chuckles]
-We'll start at the bottom with the cake.
The sponge is a honey sponge.
In between each is blackberry jam,
some strawberries,
and Italian meringue buttercream.
Wow, you've got honey…
-[Abdul] Yes.
-…ploughed all the way through that.
It's not unpleasant.
[Prue] I like that.
But it's a little bit too sweet.
Abdul, if you thought about it,
you could've made them more bee-shaped.
-[Abdul] Definitely--
-This is the fattest bee.
-[laughs]
-[Paul] Tastes beautiful.
Slightly chewy on the inside,
crisp on the out,
it's just, you've got no dome.
So, it just needed more time to rest
and a bit more height.
[Prue] I think
that the choux buns are the worst thing.
Yeah. I tried to fill some at least,
but, yeah, they were just flat.
-That's a proper failure.
-[Abdul] Yes, I agree.
Let's look at your biscuit.
We've done these before,
so we know exactly
what we're dealing with here.
Yeah. I think that's a triumph.
That's lovely. It's chewy,
crispy on the outside. How it should be.
[Prue] That's really good.
You've had a few hiccups
with the macarons and the choux.
I do like the cake.
You've got nice flavour in there.
Honey is certainly the overriding flavour.
-Thank you.
-[Noel and Matt] Well done.
-[applause]
-Whoo-whoo!
I wish it would have gone much better.
But regardless of the outcome,
there's going to be a party.
There's my friends there.
I'm going to celebrate and enjoy.
I'm very happy to be in the final,
and I'm very proud of it.
If I'm not a winner,
I'm still happy for whoever wins.
They all deserve it.
I don't know. I'm keeping my hopes up.
But I feel like the person
least likely to get it would be me.
Yeah.
[all cheering]
[Noel] As our three finalists
rejoin their friends and family,
Paul and Prue must decide
who will be crowned winner
of The Great British Baking Show, 2022.
[Syabira] I'm done! [laughs]
You've just eaten
quite a lot of sweet things.
-Indeed.
-But it is the final.
You do ask for lots of different bakes
and you got lots of different bakes.
We were asking
quite a lot in the sense of the cake
and three other baked elements.
I think time caught up
with them very quickly.
However, I thought most of the flavours
were, as always with these three, perfect.
-[Paul] Great.
-Really good.
Abdul's been the most
consistent this year.
Incredible flavours,
very focused on what he wants to do.
Went a bit wayward today.
But is that enough to take
the prize away from him? I don't know.
Syabira, you know, she did mess up
on the tarts that sit on the top.
They could've been much neater.
I thought her flavours were spot on,
and, as always, quite unusual.
Yeah. Sandro overbaked his.
But the flavours were amazing.
[Prue] I agree with Paul
that the sponge was a little overbaked,
-but that was such a pleasure to eat.
-[Paul] Yeah.
Ultimately, Prue and I
are going to have a chat
and go through some of the bakes
we've seen today and previously,
and come up with a worthy winner.
You say you'll chat,
but why not just give it to them all?
-[Prue] Yeah.
-Or not to any of them.
[laughter]
-You have it. You take it.
-I'll take it. I'll have it.
[all cheering]
[Syabira] Come on, sweetie.
Thank you for coming, everybody.
I'm going to pass you over now to Matthew,
who has the announcement.
Yes, I do.
I'd like to invite the three finalists
to come and join us up here.
[all cheering]
I won't keep you waiting.
I am delighted to say that the winner
of The Great British
Baking Show, 2022, is…
Syabira!
[loud cheering and applause]
[Sandro exclaiming]
[squealing]
[Paul] Well done, Syabira.
[Syabira] Thank you so much!
-Well done. Well done.
-Thank you.
[Matt] There you go!
Congratulations!
I'm so thrilled for you.
-[Noel] Genius.
-Thank you!
You deserve this
I can't believe it. It's…
Honestly, it hasn't sinked down.
Aren't you a clever bunny? [laughs]
[Syabira] It's unbelievable.
Thank you so much.
This is the biggest
achievement in my life.
All the hard work,
all of the trial and error,
it's all worth it.
I'm very, very proud.
[Paul] Syabira can be a risk-taker
with her flavours, and it's worked.
Some of the flavours she did,
I've never had in the tent before.
And unlikely to ever have again.
She is an incredible baker.
-[Syabira] Noel.
-Never, ever been a baker like you.
[Syabira laughing]
So original.
She's creative, she's careful,
she practises like anything,
and she's imaginative.
I mean, she just has the lot.
She's a very skilful baker.
[Sandro] Get ready to bow to her.
Bow, yeah.
[Sandro] The queen.
[laughter]
[Syabira] Thank you.
-Well done.
[Sandro] I'm so proud of Syabira.
She deserved it.
She's that queen of flavours.
She fully deserves this.
I'm so happy for her.
I'm happy I've got this far.
I'm blessed. I'm grateful.
It's been an amazing experience.
[voice breaking] It's been a dream.
You guys made my dream come true.
For me, this is a massive achievement.
I'm so happy, so proud of myself.
And I'm happy that Syabira got it as well,
because you could see in her
how hard she worked.
I mean, we all have,
but it's just, for her this meant so much.
And I'm just so happy for her.
You did it!
I did it.
-I did it.
-You did incredible.
[Syabira] I think I'm coming out
as a new person after this competition.
I became more confident,
and I trust my instincts.
You've won. [chuckles]
It's been a while there's no woman winner,
so there you go, all girls,
I'm here to get one for all of you.
We can do anything we want
as long as we have all of our heart,
and work for it.
We are taking
our hot chocolate very seriously.
-And--
-And stop.
Dark chocolate.
-What did I say?
-Hot chocolate.
[both laughing]
Blooper! [laughing]
[closing theme music playing]